Update site-get.md (#9639)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/v1.0/api/site-get.md

GET /groups/{group-id}/sites/root
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This API has a known issue: when trying to access a group team site using `GET /groups/{group-id}/sites/root`, you may receive a **308 Permanent Redirect** response. If you follow the Location URL in the response header, it will lead to a **401 Unauthorized** error because the redirect targets the SharePoint REST API directly. **This happens when the group team's site has been renamed.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This API has a known issue: when trying to access a group team site using `GET /groups/{group-id}/sites/root`, you may receive a **308 Permanent Redirect** response. If you follow the Location URL in the response header, it leads to a **401 Unauthorized** error because the redirect targets the SharePoint REST API directly. **This happens when the group team's site has been renamed.**
```
